What are you doing
First operated 1 billion
I ask you what you should do with the bad guys.
Hey hey hey hey hey daddy
You and Fan Yingying actually
Shorting our group's shares
I told you to stop right now
Otherwise, I didn’t fall hard enough.
Now give me the job again
Stop it
Pirate dad, please don't run away.
Dad, we can do it without asking him
Today I want to see one of Fan's clothes completely worn
I
Chen
A lifetime of hard work
An industry that has been struggling for 50 years
Dad, are you okay?
Hey hey hey daddy
Is it okay? Damn it
Why did you mess with him?
It's you who made us feel bad
can't die
immortal
Why are you hitting me?
You have no money now
Why do you hit me?
Why don't you die if you are old and immortal?
Dog bites dog is so boring
Hum, tie them up
Do you dare to achieve Chengdu Thought?
What are you doing?
Operate first 1 billion
I ask you what you and the bad guys should do
Hey, hey, hey, hey, dad
You are actually with Fan Yingying
Leasing out shares in our group
I told you to stop right now
Otherwise, I wouldn't have fallen hard enough
Now give me the operation unemployment again
You stop me
Pirate father, please do not run away
Dad, let's not ask him
Today I want to see one of Fan's completely worn
i
Chen
A lifetime of hard work
An industry that has been struggling for 50 years
Dad, are you okay?
Hey, hey, dad
Are you okay damn
Why did you provoke him?
You made us cheap
Can't die
immortal
Why are you hitting me?
You do not have any money now.
Why did you hit me?
Why don't you die?
Dog bites dog is boring
Hmph tie them up
Do Chengdu Thought You Dare